updated docs and migrated screenshots (#2593)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/ses.md

> See the overview of SES CloudTrail events including failed, and successful events, error codes, users, and event locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the overview of SES CloudTrail events including failed, successful events, error codes, users, and event locations.
```

Author: removing the comma, to say 'failed and successful events'

> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/amazon-aws/AmazonSESCloudTrailEventsOverview.png')} alt="AWS SES CloudTrail Events Overview" />

Reviewer 2: It is broken when previewed, kindly check.

Author: Adding the image.

See the details of various SES CloudTrail events including the identity, get send, domain, receipt, and email address events.

> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/amazon-aws/AmazonSESCloudTrailEventsbyEventName.png')} alt="AWS SES Cloud Trail Events by Event Name" />

Reviewer 2: It is broken when previewed, kindly check.

Author: https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/2593/files#diff-7c72755f83e5f7bd574a60da82c3abdb4b72b534bd3763280b18eea09aadb2d2

Already added in the PR.

Author: Please check once

**Email Address Event Details**. See the details of the email address event in the last seven days including the event time, event name, event type, type, user, AWS region, source IP address, event status, account ID, request ID, error code, error message, and event count, displayed in a table.

### Notification Overview

See the overview of SES notifications including the source IP locations, notification types, mail source, and notification type.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/amazon-aws/SES-Notification.png')} alt="AWS SES Notification" />

> **Mail Source IP Locations**. See the count and location of the mail source IP addresses in the last 24 hours on a world map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mail Source IP locations**. See the count and location of the mail source IP addresses in the last 24 hours on a world map.
```

Author: <img width="604" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-09 at 4 21 31 PM" src="https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/assets/88306913/60512d48-cd35-4916-b79b-54896cbcf653">
Capital 'L' is expected here as it is a defined panel name.

See the details of bounced notifications by email addresses, domains, bounce types, and bounce subtypes.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/amazon-aws/AmazonSESBouncedNotifications.png')} alt="AWS SES Bounced Notifications" />

> **Top Bounced email Addresses.** See the top 10 bounced email addresses by count in the last 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Top Bounced email addresses.** See the top 10 bounced email addresses by count in the last 24 hours.
```

Author: <img width="593" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-09 at 4 28 39 PM" src="https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/assets/88306913/940a867a-1084-42dc-98f9-2dab8ffd1fec">
It is expected here.

> See information about complaints (a complaint occurs when a recipient reports that they don't want to receive an email), including the top email addresses, email domains, and UserAgents associated with complaints; and the sending AccountId, AWS region, SourceIP, and Identity associated with complaints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See information about complaints (a complaint occurs when a recipient reports that he doesn't want to receive an email), including the top email addresses, email domains, and user agents associated with complaints and the sender's AccountId, AWS region, SourceIP, and Identity associated with complaints.
```

Reviewer: Did you mean to write "sender's" instead of sending?

Author: Yes, good catch, updating this.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/amazon-aws/AmazonSESComplaintNotifications.png')} alt="AWS SES Complaint Notifications" />

> **Top Complaint email Addresses.** See the top 10 email addresses sending emails generating complaint notifications by count in the last 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Top Complaint email addresses.** See the top 10 email addresses sending emails generating complaint notifications by count in the last 24 hours.
```

Author: expected again.
![Uploading Screenshot 2023-06-09 at 4.29.37 PM.png…]()
